c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.exe.config
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.exe
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.pdb
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.g.resources
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.exe
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.pdb
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\AddRemind.g.cs
c:\users\мифодий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\AddRemind.baml
C:\Users\Мифодий\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowRemind.g.cs
C:\Users\Мифодий\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowRemind.baml
C:\Users\Мифодий\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowActiveRemind.g.cs
C:\Users\Мифодий\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Reminder\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowActiveRemind.baml
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.exe.config
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.exe
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\bin\Debug\Reminder.pdb
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\AddRemind.g.cs
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowActiveRemind.g.cs
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowRemind.g.cs
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\AddRemind.baml
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowActiveRemind.baml
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\ShowRemind.baml
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.g.resources
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.exe
C:\Users\Влад\Desktop\Reminder\obj\Debug\Reminder.pdb
